
《.NET程序设计》课程以C#语言为中心，介绍.NET框架及如何使用Microsoft Visual
Studio .NET进行程序开发。课程中一系列的实验可以让学生了解.NET框架开发的一般过程，
如编码、调试以及应用程序部署等。通过该课程的学习，学生能够较全面的了解
Microsoft .NET框架的总体结构，框架极其组件的关系。通过对框架中的开发工具的学习，
能够掌握如何创建框架组件、基于ASP.NET的应用程序、基于Windows窗体库的框架客户端
程序等。学习在.NET框架中访问因特网的方法，掌握Web开发的技术，远程调用，创建XML
Web Service服务和调用方法，创建分布式的应用程序等。.NET框架可以同时使用多种语言
开发，本课程以C#语言为主，通过对具体语言的了解，理解框架中的类型系统，打包与解
包的概念，类、构造器等的功能与使用，以及各种.NET框架中的数据类型的使用，能够理
解并掌握代理、事件以及回调方法。能够使用C#语言创建、编译、运行及调试应用程序。
理解并掌握运行时环境(CLR)的概念、构造及作用等。

The goal of “Programming with .NET Framework” is to help students understand
the Microsoft .NET Framework. In addition to offering an overview of the .NET
Framework and an introduction to key concepts and terminology, the course
provides a series of labs, which introduce and explain .NET Framework features
that are used to code, debug, tune, and deploy applications. At the end of the
course, students will have an overview of the Microsoft .NET Framework and its
components. You will be able to create and use components in Windows
Form-based and ASP.NET-based applications, such as creating a simple .NET
framework component or a framework client with Windows Forms library. You can
use the .NET Framework classes to work with data over the Internet, create
distributed applications by means of XML Web services and. Several programming
languages are in the .NET framework, and we focus on the C# language. You will
be able to create classes and interfaces that are functionally efficient and
appropriate for given programming scenarios, such as explaining how boxing and
unboxing work and when boxing and unboxing occur and using operators to
determine types at run time and to cast values to different types. You can
Describing the difference between value types and reference types and
Explaining how object-oriented programming concepts, such as abstraction,
encapsulation, inheritance, and polymorphism, are implemented in the Common
Type System.
